{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red201\green201\blue201;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 SHIPMENT DISCLAIMER \
Dear customer:\

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth11500\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thank you for your order!\
\
Please be aware that although the mode "Certificate International Small Package" is most times the best method of shipping, regarding Price versus Value, some problems with shipments (lost, damage, etc.) have been experienced. Problems are not the rule but the exception. \
\
It is important, though, that you know that all problems regarding shipment are a responsibility of the Shipping Companies and not Patagonia Posters' responsibility.\
\
Moreover, Patagonia Posters can not choose the Post used at the country of  destination. Correos de Chile already has this association pre-established. In general, delivery at country of destination continues through the foreign country's National Post, when there is such.\
\
While packages are still within Chile, Correos de Chile is the Public Post in charge. Any problems occasioned by their service is going to be handled according to their policies. Patagonia Posters will help solve the problems as an intermediary agent. \
\
If problems occur within the country of  destination, the addressee will need to proceed with any demands or claims to the Country's Post in charge. You will need to handle any issues according to the Post's policies.\
\
The United States Postal Service is the one responsible for most undelivered packages so far, according to my experience for five years sending packages abroad. Although, I should say the the rate of lost or undelivered packages is quite small: maybe around 3 %. Others (4 or 5 %) are sent back from Miami (Customs) for unexplained reasons.\
\
Other countries' Post Services have shown similar problems but less frequently.\
\
Since packages are all "Certificate", your presence and signature are normally needed for the packages to be delivered. If the container (tube, box) looks damaged, do not sign. Open the package and check before you sign. If possible, take a photo, and immediately contact the Post to file a claim.\
\
Patagonia Posters (myself) will deliver products as soon as possible. Normally, this is within 1-3 working days after purchase, unless I am out in the mountains, guiding trekking tours. In this case I will post packages the next working day after my arrival. \
Shipments outside of Chile normally take 20-25 working days to arrive at destination.
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Shipping Patagonia Posters is a service that I offer since I want to sell my prints. Postal service is not my business.\
By writing all of this, I am trying to prevent any kind of misunderstanding. \
Please let me know if you agree that I send your package the way I usually do.\
\
\
Best regards,\
\
Julieta}